Add the Context notion. (#424)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/overview.md

[proto](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/a46c815aa5e85a52deb6cb35b8bc182fb3ca86a0/src/opentelemetry/proto/agent/common/v1/common.proto#L28-L96)
for an example.

> ## Context Propagation

Reviewer: It's not clear to me which (additional?) API this section is describing.

Reviewer 2: True, this seems duplicated from api-propagators.md. If this is meant to be different, I don't understand the difference.

Author: This mostly covers what is described in `context.md` - it's meant to be a (slightly) duplication to describe what is covered in more detail in the mentioned file ;)

Reviewer 2: I think the specification, being a specification and not an user guide, should avoid redundancy if possible.

All of OpenTelemetry cross-cutting concerns, such as traces and metrics,
share an underlying context propagation layer, for storing state and
accessing data across the lifespan of a distributed transaction.

Concerns access their data in-process using the same, shared context object.
Each concern has its own slot in this `Context`, containing
all of its data.

Observe that the context propagation layer is intended to be used primarily
as a SDK API, rather than by instrumentation logic.

See the [Context](context.md)

## Propagators

> OpenTelemetry uses `Propagators` to serialize and deserialize `SpanContext` and `DistributedContext`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenTelemetry uses `Propagator`s to serialize and deserialize `SpanContext` and `DistributedContext`
```

Author: Let's leave these unrelated changes in a different PR. I usually wouldn't have any problem incorporating them when a PR is small ;)
